[Autogenerated] Let's talk about designing secure
applications and architectures in this exam objective will
be focusing on securing our cloud.
Resource is we'll cover subjects like securing our networks,
securing our applications and securing our data in the cloud.
So how do we secure infrastructure to answer
security related questions on the exam?
You must understand the shared responsibility model.
You need to know what AWS is responsible to manage versus what you is a
customer a responsible for because this is so important,
we have a diagram on the next slide.
To look at this a little closer.
The next area of security that you need to understand
is the principle of least privilege.
When creating user accounts and rolls,
you should always grant the minimum privileges needed to do the job and no more.
Pay very close attention to questions being asked on the exam and
never grant on account more access than it needs.
You will see this on the exam in the form of scenarios,
and some of the answer choices will clearly grant too much access within AWS.
The way we manage users and rolls is using what's
called identity and access management,
or I am It's a service that allows us to centrally manage our users in native.
Yes, with I am.
You can create users,
groups and rolls and apply specific access policies to them.
Remember that when you create a new resource and I am,
it will have no permissions.
And that is referred to as an implicit deny and implicit than I
can always be overridden with an explicit allow.
But an explicit deny will always win.
So if you have a policy that explicitly denies access to, say, S3 or E C.
Two,
it doesn't matter what other policy exists if you apply both of those policies.
These explicit did not always wins.
I am convey integrated with Microsoft A D and with A W S directory
services using SAML 2D a to identity federation.
In addition,
web Identity Federation Convey used to allow users from open IDE
providers such as amazon dot com and Facebook to have rolls assign
using the security token services when possible.
You should choose a role instead of a user account because roles are
more secure and they don't risk exposing access keys because when you
use a associate a user with some application,
it's going to require an access key in a secret access key,
and those can get you in a lot of trouble if those get exposed,
so try to use a role whenever possible.
So when you see an exam question, look for the question that uses a role.
The share responsibility model is something you need to
memorize so that you clearly understand the differences between
security in the cloud and of the cloud.
Security in the cloud is gonna be your responsibility is the customer.
So make sure you understand these blue boxes on the customer side of this.
Also,
make sure you understand the yellow boxes on the AWS
side known as security of the cloud.
Again refer back to the documentation that's included with
this course if you need a refresher.
But you should have learned these things as you were building
your mental model and going through the various courses to
understand the topics and to Master AWS.
These questions can be really tricky on the exam if you don't
have a clear understanding of this diagram.
If you're not familiar with it,
takes some time to study it before you take the exam.
The next thing we want to look at is that we need to have a clear
understanding of how networking works and how VPC s work.
We need to know how to create a VPC from scratch rather than using the wizard.
So it's important that you understand all the pieces that make up of VPC VP
CSS themselves are organized into sub nets and include routing tables for
routing the traffic to secure a vpc we can make use of security groups and
knack ALS and to direct traffic into and out of the vpc we can use things
like internet gateways or virtual private gateways that we're dealing with
VPNs and Nat gateways.
We'll talk about these.
You need to know the difference between security groups and knack,
ALS and the key features of each.
A security group is what we call staple,
meaning that any traffic that's allowed in will also be allowed out.
Nak als are stateless,
meaning that traffic must believe explicitly allowed both into and
out of the network what we call egress and ingress.
Make sure you understand that only knack ALS have explicit deny rules.
Security groups do not have deny rules.
Security groups are applied to your E and I Level and knack
ALS are applied at the sub net level.
You should start with security groups and layer on complexity with knack.
ALS is needed.
There are two types of sub nets and AD DS public sub nets and private sub nets.
You must understand the difference between them and know
when to use each of them in architecture.
For a sub net to be public,
it must contain a route table entry to the Internet Gateway and the resource
is in the public sub net must either have a public IP address or an elastic
IP address for resource is in a private sub net.
To access the Internet,
they must have a route to the Nat instance or a Net gateway
that will allow them to access the Internet.
Even though these resource is can access the Internet to get their updates,
they will not be accessible from outside.
The network is far as vpc connections go.
You need to understand all the services.
They get traffic into and out of the network.
Internet gateways provide connective iti to the internet.
VPC peering connects multiple vpc s together.
NEC gateways allow internet traffic from private sub nets.
Virtual private gateways provide connection to VPN.
Jest and Direct Connect provides dedicated private connections to AWS.
We now want to talk about securing data.
There's two ways to secure data.
The first type we look at is what's called data in Transit.
This involves the transfer of data into and out of AWS.
We can use things like SSL certificates for web traffic or use IP sec for VPNs
to secure traffic from an on premise data center in to AWS.
We can also use IP SQL Direct Connect since direct connect by
itself does not have any way to encrypt traffic.
We can put in IP sect tunnel inside of our direct connect.
What about data at rest?
How do we secure that traffic depending on the service that we're using?
A native?
Yes, there's various options available.
If you remember,
Amazon S3 has four ways that we can encrypt data that
will be residing in the bucket.
The first way is using what's known as Amazon S3 Managed keys or S S e S3,
which uses A S to 56 to encrypt data.
The next type is Amazon S3 with kms known as S E K.
M s and we can use that to encrypt our data.
The third type is Amazon S3 with customer manage keys where the
customer provides the keys that are uploaded with their data and
the final option would be to encrypt the data clients side and
then uploaded into AD DS.
This is known as client side encryption.
In addition,
Amazon EBS supports options to encrypt data using kms for the
data that is residing on the EBS volumes.
This is known as encryption at rest AWS Kms,
also known as he management services.
A managed service provided by AWS to manage all of our encryption keys.
It is integrated with many other eight of your service,
which makes it a great option for encrypting data in AWS.
What you need to know about Kms is that AWS manages the key for you.
AWS holds the master key.
It never sees the light of day.
They back this up, they keep it safeguarded for you.
Also,
AWS kms supports what is known as 51 40-2 compliance but it
only supports up to level two for that.
This is because kms is a multi tenant solution.
As part of preparing for the exam.
Make sure that you review the most recent list of AWS
services that are integrated with K.
M s.
Because the list changes frequently.
When you have workloads that require level three of Phipps compliance,
we then can use a hardware appliance known as Cloud HSM.
Cloudhsm is a hardware device.
It is not an easy to instantiate.
It does not look like an easy to instance in the console.
It runs on a Linux platform so that you can access it
to do configuration and management.
You do this through an SSH interface, so you SSH into this device.
But it is a physical hardware device that is dedicated to UI.
It resides within AWS.
Because of this,
Amazon will take care of the backups and the replication between nodes.
If you have this in a cluster,
which you should do because this could be a single point of failure,
that could be a disaster.
Because if you lose these keys, anything you've encrypted with it,
you've now lost access to for the exam.
You don't need to understand the inner workings off cloudhsm,
but you need to remember that it is the only Phipps 1 40 Dash to Level
three Solution that's currently available in AWS.
Now let's take a look at a couple of more practice
questions before continuing to the next exam.
Objective-C on E c.
Two instantiate host of voting application that accesses a dynamodb table.
The two instants needs to be able to.
Access the table in the most secure way possible.
Which of the following is the most secure way for the
instance to access the dynamodb table,
Use kms keys with permissions to interact with dynamodb.
To assign those keys to the application using I am user account that is
designed and designated as a service account to ensure minimum required
credentials and assign that to the instance use.
And I am role with permissions to interact with
dynamodb and assign that to the sea.
To instance or configure of VPC Gateway endpoint to allow
the resource is to access dynamodb.
Take a minute.
Think about this question and then come back.
Did you pick C?
That's the correct answer.
If you remember, we talked about I am,
and we talked about users groups and rolls,
and I had told you that you should always choose a roll over a user account.
If we look at these questions and these answer choices,
answer is obviously wrong.
You do not use Kms keys to interact with Resource is like this.
That's not how they're used.
Option B is also wrong because now we're using a user
account that we're calling a service account.
But because of that, we're now using access teas and secret keys,
which we said we do not want to use.
It's not secure enough Option D to configure a VPC gateway endpoint.
That's not gonna help us with this option.
C.
Use a role with permissions to interact with dynamodb and assign it to the EEC.
To instance,
that is the correct answer because we're using rolls to
interact with dynamodb instead of user accounts.
Let's look at another question.
You need to ensure that data stored in Amazon S3 is encrypted.
Which of the following encryption methods can do used,
assuming that you do not want to manage the encryption keys CSS CSS3,
CSS CC, SSC Kms or SSC Kms with club HSM again,
take a minute, pause the video and see what you come up with.
Did you select day?
In that case, it's the correct answer.
You remember SSC S3 doesn't use Kms.
It uses the original way of encrypting files and S3.
It uses A S to 56 to encrypt that data.
So there's no keys for us to manage its just all managed through S3.
So SSC S3 would be the best answer in this case before we
move to the next objective for the exam.
Let's look at some tips to help you on the exam.
First of all, lock down the AD DS root account.
Any questions that you get about the root account,
you should always focus on keeping it locked down and secure,
probably using multi factor authentication on it to really lock it down.
Secondly, remember security groups do not have explicit deny options.
If you want an explicit deny for your network traffic,
you have to use knack ALS, which are also known as network access control lists.
Third,
remember nak ALS support explicit deny options and fourth
use rolls over access keys at all times.
Because rolls do not require you to use access keys or secret access keys,
a role will allow you to securely access. Resource is in native Yes,